# Combined gRPC Wordlist
# Generated from all wordlist files
# Format: service_name or service_name:method1,method2,...

API
APIGateway:Route,Forward,Process
Account
AccountService:CreateAccount,GetAccount,UpdateAccount
AccountService:CreateAccount,GetAccount,UpdateAccount,DeleteAccount,ListAccounts,GetAccountById
Action
Activity
Address
Admin
AdminService:GetStats,GetMetrics,ExecuteCommand
AdminService:GetSystemInfo,GetUsers,ManageUser,GetLogs,GetMetrics,ExecuteCommand
Agreement
AnalyticsService:TrackEvent,GetAnalytics,GetReport,GetMetrics,GetEvents
Api
ApiService:Call,Execute
ApiService:Call,Execute,Validate,Transform,Route
App
Application
Archive
Article
Asset
Attachment
Attribute
Audit
AuditService:LogEvent,GetAuditLog,SearchAuditLog,GetAuditTrail
Auth
AuthService:Login,Logout,Authenticate,Authorize,ValidateToken,RefreshToken,RevokeToken,GetPermissions
AuthService:Login,Logout,Authenticate,ValidateToken,RefreshToken
Authentication:Login,Logout,Authenticate
Authentication:Login,Logout,Authenticate,Authorize,ValidateToken,RefreshToken
Authorization:Authorize,CheckPermission,GetPermissions,GrantPermission,RevokePermission
Backend
Backup
Batch
Billing
BillingService:GetInvoice,ProcessPayment,GetBillingInfo
BroadcastService:Broadcast,Subscribe,Unsubscribe,GetSubscribers
Build
Bundle
Cache
CacheService:Get,Set,Delete,Clear,GetKeys,Expire
Callback
CartService:AddToCart,RemoveFromCart,GetCart,Checkout
CartService:GetCart,AddToCart,RemoveFromCart,UpdateCartItem,ClearCart,Checkout
CatalogService:GetCatalog,ListItems,SearchCatalog,GetCategories,GetItemsByCategory
Certificate
Channel
ChatService:SendMessage,GetMessages,JoinRoom
ChatService:SendMessage,GetMessages,JoinRoom,LeaveRoom,GetRooms,CreateRoom
CheckoutService:Checkout,CalculateTotals,ApplyDiscount,ValidateCheckout
Cluster
Column
Command
Comment
Company
Component
Config
ConfigService:GetConfig,SetConfig,UpdateConfig,DeleteConfig,GetAllConfigs
Constraint# gRPC Wordlist Based on grpc-go/examples
Consumer
Contact
Container
Content
Contract
Controller
Core
CoreService:GetVersion,GetStatus,GetInfo
Coupon
Credential
Cron
Currency
Customer
Dashboard
Data
DataService:Get,List,Create,Update,Delete,Query,Export,Import
Database
DatabaseService:Query,Execute,GetSchema,Migrate,Backup,Restore
DebugService:Debug,GetDebugInfo,SetDebugLevel
Delivery
Department
Deploy
Deployment
Device
Discount
DiscoveryService:Discover,Register,Deregister,GetServices,GetEndpoints
Distribution
Document
Echo:Echo,UnaryEcho,StreamingEcho
Echo:UnaryEcho,ServerStreamingEcho,ClientStreamingEcho,BidirectionalStreamingEcho
EchoService:Echo
EchoService:Echo,UnaryEcho,StreamingEcho
EchoService:UnaryEcho,ServerStreamingEcho,ClientStreamingEcho,BidirectionalStreamingEcho
EmailService:SendEmail,GetEmailStatus
EmailService:SendEmail,SendBulkEmail,GetEmailStatus,ValidateEmail
EncryptionService:Encrypt,Decrypt,GenerateKey,RotateKey,GetPublicKey
Endpoint
Environment
Error
Event
EventService:PublishEvent,SubscribeToEvents,GetEvents,GetEventHistory
Exception
Export
Extension
Feature
Feedback
Field
FileService:Upload,Download,Delete,List
FileService:UploadFile,DownloadFile,DeleteFile,GetFileInfo,ListFiles,MoveFile,CopyFile
Format
Function
Gateway
Gateway:Route,Forward,Transform
GatewayService:Route,Forward
GatewayService:Route,Forward,Transform,Authenticate,RateLimit
Greeter:SayHello
Greeter:SayHello,SayHelloAgain
GreeterService:Greet,SayHello
GreeterService:SayHello
Handler
Health
HealthService:Check,Watch
HealthService:Check,Watch,GetStatus,GetHealth
HelloService:Hello,SayHello
HelloService:SayHello
History
Image
ImageService:UploadImage,GetImage,DeleteImage,ResizeImage,GetThumbnail
Import
Index
Instance
Integration
InventoryService:GetInventory,UpdateInventory,CheckAvailability,ReserveItems,ReleaseItems
Invoice
Issue
Job
JobService:CreateJob,GetJob,ListJobs,CancelJob,GetJobStatus,RetryJob
Key
Language
Layout
License
Link
Locale
Location
LocationService:GetLocation,ListLocations,RecordLocation
Log
LoggingService:Log,GetLogs,SearchLogs,GetLogLevel,SetLogLevel
Loyalty
Main
MainService:Execute,Process,Handle
Management
ManagementService:GetStatus,GetHealth,GetMetrics,ManageService,RestartService
ManagementService:Manage,Control,Configure
Manager
MediaService:Upload,GetMedia,Process
MediaService:UploadMedia,GetMedia,DeleteMedia,TranscodeMedia,GetThumbnail
Member
MessageService:SendMessage,GetMessages,DeleteMessage
MessageService:SendMessage,GetMessages,GetConversation,DeleteMessage,MarkAsRead
Method
Metric
MetricsService:GetMetrics,RecordMetric,GetMetricHistory,GetAggregatedMetrics
Migration
Module
Monitor
MonitorService:Monitor,GetMetrics,GetStatus
MonitoringService:GetStatus,GetHealth,GetMetrics,GetAlerts,CreateAlert
Network
Node
NotificationService:SendNotification,GetNotifications
NotificationService:SendNotification,GetNotifications,MarkAsRead,DeleteNotification,GetUnreadCount
Operation
Option
OrderService:CreateOrder,GetOrder,ListOrders,UpdateOrder,CancelOrder,GetOrderStatus,GetOrderHistory
OrderService:CreateOrder,GetOrder,UpdateOrder,CancelOrder
Organization
Package
Page
Parameter
Path
PaymentService:ProcessPayment,RefundPayment,GetPaymentStatus
PaymentService:ProcessPayment,RefundPayment,GetPaymentStatus,GetPaymentMethods,ValidatePayment
Permission
Phase
Phone
PingService:Ping
Plan
Platform
Plugin
Pod
Point
Policy
Post
Preference
PreferenceService:GetPreferences,SetPreferences,UpdatePreferences,ResetPreferences
Price
Procedure
ProcessService:StartProcess,GetProcess,ListProcesses,StopProcess,GetProcessStatus
Processor
Producer
ProductService:GetProduct,ListProducts,CreateProduct,UpdateProduct,DeleteProduct,SearchProducts,GetProductsByCategory
ProductService:GetProduct,ListProducts,SearchProducts
Profile
ProfileService:GetProfile,UpdateProfile,DeleteProfile,GetProfilePicture,UpdateProfilePicture
Project
Promotion
Property
Provider
Proxy
Proxy:ProxyRequest,Forward# Standard gRPC service paths
ProxyService:Proxy,Forward
ProxyService:Proxy,Forward,Route,Transform,Cache
Publisher
Query
QueryService:Query,Execute,Prepare,GetResults,GetSchema
QueryService:Query,ExecuteQuery,GetQueryResults,SaveQuery,GetSavedQueries
Queue
Quote
Rate
Rating
Receipt
Redirect
Registry
Release
Replication
Report
Repository
Request
Resource
Response
Restore
Result
Review
Reward
Role
Room
Route
RouteGuide:GetFeature,ListFeatures,RecordRoute,RouteChat
Router
Rule
Scheduler
Schema
SearchService:Search,SearchByQuery,SearchByFilters,GetSearchResults,GetSuggestions
Secret
SecurityService:Authenticate,Authorize,Encrypt,Decrypt,Sign,Verify
Server
Service
ServiceRegistry:Register,Deregister,Discover,GetService,ListServices
SessionService:CreateSession,GetSession,UpdateSession,DeleteSession,ValidateSession
Setting
SettingsService:GetSettings,UpdateSettings,ResetSettings,GetUserSettings,GetSystemSettings
Shipment
ShippingService:CreateShipment,GetShipment,UpdateShipment,TrackShipment,CalculateShipping
Stage
State
Status
Step
StorageService:Store,Retrieve,Delete,List
StorageService:Store,Retrieve,Delete,List,GetMetadata,UpdateMetadata
Store
Stream
StreamService:Subscribe,Unsubscribe,Stream,GetStream,ListStreams
Style
Subscriber
Subscription
SubscriptionService:Subscribe,Unsubscribe,GetSubscription
Support
Sync
System
SystemService:GetSystemInfo,GetSystemStatus
SystemService:GetSystemInfo,GetSystemStatus,GetSystemHealth,RestartSystem,ShutdownSystem
Table
Task
TaskService:CreateTask,GetTask,ListTasks,UpdateTask,CompleteTask,AssignTask
Tax
Team
Template
TestService:Test,RunTest,GetTestStatus
Theme
Thread
Ticket
Timer
Token
TokenService:GenerateToken,ValidateToken,RefreshToken,RevokeToken
Topic
Transaction
Transfer
Translation
Trigger
Url
UsageService:GetUsage,RecordUsage,GetUsageReport
User
User:Get,Create,Update,Delete,List
UserService:GetUser,CreateUser,UpdateUser,DeleteUser,ListUsers
UserService:GetUser,GetUserById,GetUserByEmail,ListUsers,CreateUser,UpdateUser,DeleteUser,SearchUsers,GetProfile,UpdateProfile
Variable
Version
View
Volume
Webhook
Widget
Work
Worker
WorkflowService:StartWorkflow,GetWorkflow,ListWorkflows,CancelWorkflow,GetWorkflowStatus
account.v1.AccountService                # Account management
account.v1.ProfileService                # Profile management
admin.AdminService:GetSystemInfo,GetUsers,ManageUser,GetLogs,GetMetrics,ExecuteCommand
ai.v1.AIService                          # AI service
ai.v1.ComputerVisionService              # Computer vision
ai.v1.NLPService                         # Natural language processing
ai.v1.RecommendationService              # Recommendation service
analytics.AnalyticsService:TrackEvent,GetAnalytics,GetReport,GetMetrics,GetEvents
analytics.v1.AnalyticsService            # Analytics service
analytics.v1.DashboardService            # Dashboard service
analytics.v1.EventTrackingService        # Event tracking
analytics.v1.LoggingService              # Logging service
analytics.v1.MetricsService              # Metrics service
analytics.v1.ReportingService            # Reporting service
api.v1.APIGatewayService                 # API Gateway service
api.v1.APIKeyService                     # API key management
api.v1.ProxyService                      # Proxy service
api.v1.RateLimitingService               # Rate limiting
api.v1.Service
api.v1.ThrottlingService                 # Throttling service
auth.Auth:Login,Logout,Authenticate,ValidateToken,RefreshToken
auth.AuthService:Login,Logout,Authenticate,Authorize,ValidateToken,RefreshToken,RevokeToken,GetPermissions
auth.v1.AuthService                      # Generic auth service
auth.v1.AuthService:Login,Logout,Authenticate,ValidateToken,RefreshToken
auth.v1.JWTService                       # JWT token service
auth.v1.LoginService                     # Login service
auth.v1.MFAService                       # Multi-factor authentication
auth.v1.OAuthService                     # OAuth specific auth
auth.v1.PermissionService                # Permission management
auth.v1.RegistrationService              # User registration
auth.v1.RoleService                      # Role management 
auth.v1.SessionService                   # Session management
auth.v1.TokenService                     # Token management
backup.v1.BackupService                  # Backup management
basket.v1.BasketCheckoutService          # Basket checkout
basket.v1.BasketItemService              # Basket items
basket.v1.BasketPricingService           # Basket pricing calculations
basket.v1.BasketService                  # Basket management
blockchain.indexer.api.BlockchainService
blockchain.v1.BlockchainService          # Blockchain service
blockchain.v1.NFTService                 # NFT management
blockchain.v1.SmartContractService       # Smart contract interaction
blockchain.v1.TokenService               # Token management
blockchain.v1.TransactionService         # Blockchain transactions
blockchain.v1.WalletService              # Crypto wallet
blog.v1.BlogService                      # Blog management
calendar.v1.AppointmentService           # Appointment booking
calendar.v1.AvailabilityService          # Availability management
calendar.v1.CalendarService              # Calendar management
calendar.v1.EventService                 # Event management
calendar.v1.ReminderService              # Reminder service
calendar.v1.ScheduleService              # Schedule management
cart.v1.CartCheckoutService              # Cart checkout
cart.v1.CartItemService                  # Cart items
cart.v1.CartPricingService               # Cart pricing calculations
cart.v1.CartService                      # Cart management
category.v1.CategoryService              # Category management
cms.v1.CMSService                        # CMS service
communication.v1.CommunicationService    # Communication service
config.ConfigService:GetConfig,SetConfig,UpdateConfig,DeleteConfig,GetAllConfigs
config.v1.AppConfigService               # Application configuration
config.v1.ConfigService                  # Configuration management
config.v1.EnvironmentService             # Environment configuration
config.v1.FeatureFlagService             # Feature flag management
config.v1.LocaleService                  # Localization settings
config.v1.SettingsService                # Settings management
config.v1.ThemeService                   # Theme configuration
connect.v1.ConnectService                # Generic connection service
connect.v1.ConnectionManagerService      # Connection management
consul.v1.ConsulService                                  # Consul service discovery
content.v1.ContentModerationService      # Content moderation
content.v1.ContentPublishingService      # Content publishing
content.v1.ContentService                # Content management
customer.v1.CustomerProfileService       # Customer profile
customer.v1.CustomerService              # Customer management
dapr.proto.runtime.v1.DaprService                        # Dapr runtime
data.DataService:Get,List,Create,Update,Delete,Query,Export,Import
devops.v1.BuildService                   # Build management
devops.v1.CDService                      # Continuous deployment
devops.v1.CIService                      # Continuous integration
devops.v1.DeploymentService              # Deployment management
devops.v1.InfrastructureService          # Infrastructure management
devops.v1.LoggingService                 # Logging service
devops.v1.MonitoringService              # Monitoring service
devops.v1.ObservabilityService           # Observability service
document.v1.DocumentService              # Document management
document.v1.DocumentUploadService        # Document upload
echo.Echo
echo.Echo:UnaryEcho,ServerStreamingEcho,ClientStreamingEcho,BidirectionalStreamingEcho
ecommerce.v1.BasketService               # Shopping basket
ecommerce.v1.CartService                 # Shopping cart
ecommerce.v1.CatalogService              # Catalog management
ecommerce.v1.CheckoutService             # Checkout process
ecommerce.v1.DeliveryService             # Delivery management
ecommerce.v1.InventoryService            # Inventory management
ecommerce.v1.OrderService                # Order management
ecommerce.v1.ProductService              # Product management
ecommerce.v1.ReturnService               # Returns management
ecommerce.v1.ReviewService               # Product reviews
ecommerce.v1.ShippingService             # Shipping management
ecommerce.v1.WishlistService             # Wishlist management
envoy.service.cluster.v3.ClusterDiscoveryService         # Envoy proxy
envoy.service.discovery.v3.AggregatedDiscoveryService    # Envoy proxy
etcd.v3.KVService                                        # etcd key-value store
event.v1.CalendarService                 # Calendar management
event.v1.EventAttendeeService            # Event attendees
event.v1.EventRegistrationService        # Event registration
event.v1.EventSchedulingService          # Event scheduling
event.v1.EventService                    # Event management
event.v1.EventTicketingService           # Event ticketing
event.v1.LiveEventService                # Live event management
event.v1.MeetingService                  # Meeting management
event.v1.NotificationService             # Event notifications
event.v1.ReminderService                 # Event reminders
event.v1.WebinarService                  # Webinar management
file.FileService:UploadFile,DownloadFile,DeleteFile,GetFileInfo,ListFiles,MoveFile,CopyFile
file.v1.FileDownloadService              # File download
file.v1.FileService                      # File management
file.v1.FileStorageService               # File storage
file.v1.FileTransferService              # File transfer
file.v1.FileUploadService                # File upload
game.v1.GameService                      # Game service
game.v1.GameStateService                 # Game state management
game.v1.InventoryService                 # Game inventory
game.v1.LeaderboardService               # Leaderboard
game.v1.MatchmakingService               # Matchmaking
game.v1.PlayerService                    # Player management
gateway.GatewayService:Route,Forward,Transform,Authenticate,RateLimit
geo.v1.AddressService                    # Address management
geo.v1.GeocodingService                  # Geocoding service
geo.v1.GeolocationService                # Geolocation service
geo.v1.LocationService                   # Location management
geo.v1.MappingService                    # Mapping service
geo.v1.RouteService                      # Route calculation
grpc.admin.v1.Admin                      # Admin service
grpc.binarylog.v1.Sink:Write
grpc.channelz.v1.Channelz               # Channel info service
grpc.channelz.v1.Channelz:GetTopChannels,GetServers,GetServer,GetServerSockets,GetChannel,GetSubchannel,GetSocket
grpc.examples.echo.Echo
grpc.examples.echo.Echo:UnaryEcho
grpc.examples.echo.Echo:UnaryEcho,BidirectionalStreamingEcho
grpc.examples.echo.Echo:UnaryEcho,ServerStreamingEcho
grpc.examples.echo.Echo:UnaryEcho,ServerStreamingEcho,ClientStreamingEcho,BidirectionalStreamingEcho
grpc.examples.echo.Echo:UnaryEcho,StreamingEcho
grpc.gateway.protoc_gen_openapiv2.options.OpenAPIOptions # gRPC Gateway
grpc.health.v1.Health
grpc.health.v1.Health                    # Health checking
grpc.health.v1.Health:Check,Watch
grpc.instrumentation.v1.Instrumentation  # Instrumentation
grpc.lb.v1.LoadBalancer                  # Load balancer
grpc.reflection.v1.ServerReflection      # Server reflection v1
grpc.reflection.v1.ServerReflection:ServerReflectionInfo
grpc.reflection.v1alpha.ServerReflection
grpc.reflection.v1alpha.ServerReflection # Server reflection
grpc.reflection.v1alpha.ServerReflection:ServerReflectionInfo
grpc.service_config.ServiceConfig        # Service config
grpc.status.v1.Status                    # Status service
health.v1.AppointmentService             # Medical appointments
health.v1.DoctorService                  # Doctor management
health.v1.FitnessService                 # Fitness service
health.v1.HealthService                  # Health service
health.v1.MedicalRecordService           # Medical records
health.v1.PatientService                 # Patient management
helloworld.Greeter
helloworld.Greeter:SayHello
helloworld.Greeter:SayHello,SayHelloAgain
iam.v1.IAMService                        # Identity and access management
identity.v1.IdentityService              # Identity management
identity.v1.UserIdentityService          # User identity
iot.v1.DeviceProvisioningService         # Device provisioning
iot.v1.DeviceRegistryService             # Device registry
iot.v1.DeviceService                     # Device management
iot.v1.IoTService                        # IoT service
iot.v1.SensorService                     # Sensor management
iot.v1.TelemetryService                  # Telemetry data
istio.networking.v1alpha3.GatewayService                 # Istio service mesh
job.v1.BatchService                      # Batch processing
job.v1.JobService                        # Job management
job.v1.QueueService                      # Queue management
job.v1.SchedulerService                  # Job scheduling
job.v1.TaskService                       # Task management
job.v1.WorkflowService                   # Workflow management
kubernetes.v1.KubernetesService                          # Kubernetes API
media.v1.MediaService                    # Media management
media.v1.MediaUploadService              # Media upload
member.v1.MemberProfileService           # Member profile
member.v1.MemberService                  # Member management
member.v1.MembershipTypeService          # Membership types
membership.v1.MembershipService          # Membership management
messaging.v1.MessagingService            # Messaging service
ml.v1.InferenceService                   # Model inference
ml.v1.MLService                          # Machine learning service
ml.v1.ModelService                       # Model management
ml.v1.PredictionService                  # Prediction service
ml.v1.TrainingService                    # Model training
network.v1.DiagnosticsService            # Network diagnostics
network.v1.HeartbeatService              # Heartbeat service
network.v1.PingService                   # Ping service
network.v1.StatusService                 # Network status service
notification.NotificationService:SendNotification,GetNotifications,MarkAsRead,DeleteNotification,GetUnreadCount
notification.v1.AlertService             # Alert management
notification.v1.EmailService             # Email notifications
notification.v1.NotificationService      # Notification management
notification.v1.PushNotificationService  # Push notifications
notification.v1.SMSService               # SMS notifications
notification.v1.WebhookService           # Webhook management
order.OrderService:CreateOrder,GetOrder,ListOrders,UpdateOrder,CancelOrder,GetOrderStatus,GetOrderHistory
order.v1.InvoiceService                  # Invoice management
order.v1.OrderFulfillmentService         # Order fulfillment
order.v1.OrderHistoryService             # Order history
order.v1.OrderItemService                # Order items
order.v1.OrderPaymentService             # Order payments
order.v1.OrderReturnService              # Order returns
order.v1.OrderService                    # Order management
order.v1.OrderStatusService              # Order status
order.v1.OrderTrackingService            # Order tracking
payment.v1.BillingService                # Billing management
payment.v1.InvoiceService                # Invoice management
payment.v1.PaymentGatewayService         # Payment gateway integration
payment.v1.PaymentService                # Payment processing
payment.v1.PricingService                # Pricing management
payment.v1.RefundService                 # Refund processing
payment.v1.SubscriptionService           # Subscription management
payment.v1.TaxService                    # Tax calculation
payment.v1.TransactionService            # Transaction management
payment.v1.WalletService                 # Digital wallet
ping.Ping:Ping
product.ProductService:GetProduct,ListProducts,CreateProduct,UpdateProduct,DeleteProduct,SearchProducts,GetProductsByCategory
product.v1.ProductCatalogService         # Product catalog
product.v1.ProductCategoryService        # Product categories
product.v1.ProductInventoryService       # Product inventory
product.v1.ProductPricingService         # Product pricing
product.v1.ProductRecommendationService  # Product recommendations
product.v1.ProductReviewService          # Product reviews
product.v1.ProductSearchService          # Product search
product.v1.ProductService                # Product management
product.v1.ProductVariantService         # Product variants
prometheus.v1.PrometheusService                          # Prometheus monitoring
proto.AuthService:ValidateAPIKey,CreateToken,ValidateToken
proto.HelloService
proto.HelloService:SayHello,StreamHello
proto.PingService
proto.PingService:Ping
proto.SecureService:GetSecretData,ListSecrets
proto.UserService:Login,Register,GetProfile
review.v1.FeedbackService                # Feedback management
review.v1.ProductReviewService           # Product reviews
review.v1.ReviewModerationService        # Review moderation
review.v1.ReviewRatingService            # Review ratings
review.v1.ReviewService                  # Review management
review.v1.ServiceReviewService           # Service reviews
review.v1.UserReviewService              # User reviews
routeguide.RouteGuide
routeguide.RouteGuide:GetFeature,ListFeatures,RecordRoute,RouteChat
search.SearchService:Search,SearchByQuery,SearchByFilters,GetSearchResults,GetSuggestions
search.v1.AutocompleteService            # Autocomplete suggestions
search.v1.ContentSearchService           # Content search
search.v1.FacetService                   # Search facets
search.v1.GlobalSearchService            # Global search
search.v1.IndexService                   # Search indexing
search.v1.ProductSearchService           # Product search
search.v1.QuerySuggestionService         # Query suggestions
search.v1.SearchAnalyticsService         # Search analytics
search.v1.SearchService                  # Search service
search.v1.UserSearchService              # User search
security.SecurityService:Authenticate,Authorize,Encrypt,Decrypt,Sign,Verify
service.ServiceRegistry:Register,Deregister,Discover,GetService,ListServices
service.v1.Service
service.v1.ServiceDiscoveryService       # Service discovery
social.v1.ChatService                    # Chat service
social.v1.CommentService                 # Comment management
social.v1.FeedService                    # Social feed
social.v1.FollowService                  # Follow/following management
social.v1.FriendService                  # Friend management
social.v1.GroupChatService               # Group chat
social.v1.LikeService                    # Like management
social.v1.MessageService                 # Messaging
social.v1.PostService                    # Post management
social.v1.ShareService                   # Share management
sso.v1.SSOService                        # Single sign-on service
statistics.v1.StatisticsService          # Statistics service
storage.v1.BlobStorageService            # Blob storage
storage.v1.ObjectStorageService          # Object storage
storage.v1.StorageService                # Storage management
stream.StreamService:Subscribe,Unsubscribe,Stream,GetStream,ListStreams
streaming.v1.AudioStreamingService       # Audio streaming
streaming.v1.BroadcastService            # Broadcasting service
streaming.v1.LiveStreamingService        # Live streaming
streaming.v1.StreamingService            # Generic streaming
streaming.v1.VideoStreamingService       # Video streaming
tag.v1.TagService                        # Tag management
temporal.api.workflowservice.v1.WorkflowService          # Temporal workflow
user.User:Get,Create,Update,Delete,List
user.UserService:GetUser,GetUserById,GetUserByEmail,ListUsers,CreateUser,UpdateUser,DeleteUser,SearchUsers,GetProfile,UpdateProfile
user.v1.UserGroupService                 # User groups management
user.v1.UserPreferenceService            # User preferences
user.v1.UserProfileService               # User profile management
user.v1.UserRoleService                  # User roles
user.v1.UserService                      # User management
user.v1.UserService:GetUser,CreateUser,UpdateUser,DeleteUser,ListUsers
users.Users:Get,List,Create,Update,Delete,Search
v1.Service
workflow.WorkflowService:StartWorkflow,GetWorkflow,ListWorkflows,CancelWorkflow,GetWorkflowStatus

# Method patterns (start with *)
*Authenticate
*Authorize
*CreateToken
*GetSecretData
*ListSecrets
*Login
*Logout
*ValidateAPIKey
*ValidateToken
